safe.policyManager.PolicyAdminServletComponent http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#PolicyServletRole
#org.cougaar http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryNoReadRole
org.cougaar.glm.plugins.projection.SupplyProjectionPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole 
org.cougaar.logistics.plugin.demand.DemandForecastPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole
org.cougaar.logistics.plugin.inventory.LogisticsOPlanPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityChangeRole
org.cougaar.logistics.plugin.inventory.LogisticsOPlanPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole
org.cougaar.logistics.servlet.OplanEditServlet http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole 
org.cougaar.logistics.servlet.OplanEditServlet http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityChangeRole
org.cougaar.glm.plugins.projection.SupplyProjectionPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole 
org.cougaar.mlm.construction.ConstructionProjectionPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole
org.cougaar.mlm.construction.ConstructionInventoryPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole 
org.cougaar.glm.plugins.OplanObserverPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole
org.cougaar.mlm.construction.DTConstructionExpanderPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole
org.cougaar.mlm.plugin.ldm.GetOplanPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole 
org.cougaar.mlm.plugin.ldm.GetOplanPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityRemoveRole
org.cougaar.mlm.plugin.ldm.OplanReaderPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityAllRole
org.cougaar.mlm.plugin.ldm.SQLOplanPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityAllRole
org.cougaar.mlm.plugin.sample.ModifyOrgActivityGUIPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole 
org.cougaar.mlm.plugin.sample.ModifyOrgActivityGUIPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityChangeRole
org.cougaar.mlm.plugin.sample.StrategicTransportProjectorPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityWriteRole
org.cougaar.mlm.plugin.sample.StrategicTransportProjectorPlugin http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole
#org.cougaar.core.security.test.OrgActivityAddTest http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityAddRole
#org.cougaar.core.security.test.OrgActivityAddTest http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole
#org.cougaar.core.security.test.OrgActivityChangeTest http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityChangeRole
#org.cougaar.core.security.test.OrgActivityChangeTest http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole
#org.cougaar.core.security.test.OrgActivityRemoveTest http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityRemoveRole
#org.cougaar.core.security.test.OrgActivityRemoveTest http://ontology.coginst.uwf.edu/Ultralog/Names/EntityInstances.daml#OrgActivityQueryRole
